README.md, before:

# lsim

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vitorenesduarte/lsim.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/vitorenesduarte/lsim/)


#### Experiments

- __BRANCH__: which lsim branch should instances run
- __LDB_MODE__:
  - state_based
  - delta_based
  - pure_op_based
- __LDB_DRIVEN_MODE__:
  - none
  - state_driven
  - digest_driven
- __LDB_REDUNDANT_DGROUPS__: boolean
- __LDB_DGROUP_BACK_PROPAGATION__: boolean
- __OVERLAY__:
  - hyparview
  - line
  - ring
- __NODE_NUMBER__: number of nodes
- __SIMULATION__:
  - gcounter
  - gset
- __NODE_EVENT_NUMBER__: number of events to be performed in
the simulation. The event interval is 1 second


#### Kubernetes

```bash
$ BRANCH=master \
  LDB_MODE=delta_based \
  LDB_DRIVEN_MODE=none \
  LDB_REDUNDANT_DGROUPS=true \
  LDB_DGROUP_BACK_PROPAGATION=true \
  OVERLAY=hyparview \
  SIMULATION=gset \
  NODE_NUMBER=13 \
  NODE_EVENT_NUMBER=10 ./bin/lsim-deploy.sh
```

```bash
$ kubectl get pods
              READY     STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lsim-1488549530072065763-3946360666-0b6d8   0/1       Pending   0
...
$ kubectl logs -f lsim-1488549530072065763-3946360666-0b6d8
```


#### Docker
To build and push an image:

```bash
$ BRANCH=master \
  IMAGE=vitorenesduarte/lsim \
  DOCKERFILE=Dockerfiles/lsim bin/image.sh
```

Commit message:

Add new info on how to run the experiments, and how to access the dashboard

README.md, after:

# lsim

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vitorenesduarte/lsim.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/vitorenesduarte/lsim/)


#### Experiments

- __BRANCH__: which lsim branch should instances run
- __LDB_MODE__:
  - state_based
  - delta_based
  - pure_op_based
- __LDB_DRIVEN_MODE__:
  - none
  - state_driven
  - digest_driven
- __LDB_REDUNDANT_DGROUPS__: boolean
- __LDB_DGROUP_BACK_PROPAGATION__: boolean
- __OVERLAY__:
  - hyparview
  - line
  - ring
- __NODE_NUMBER__: number of nodes
- __SIMULATION__:
  - gcounter
  - gset
- __NODE_EVENT_NUMBER__: number of events to be performed in
the simulation. The event interval is 1 second


#### Kubernetes

```bash
$ WHAT=run bin/sim.sh
```

- `WHAT=run` will run the experiments without pullling a new image
- `WHAT=build` will build a new image, push it, and the run the experiments with that image
- otherwise, it will use an image that clones the repository in the current branch


##### Tail the logs

```bash
$ kubectl get pods
              READY     STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lsim-1488549530072065763-3946360666-0b6d8   0/1       Pending   0
...
$ kubectl logs -f lsim-1488549530072065763-3946360666-0b6d8
```


##### lsim dashboard
```bash
$ bin/dash-proxy.sh
```

This will open a new chrome tab with the dashboard.


#### Docker
To build and push an image:

```bash
$ BRANCH=master \
  IMAGE=vitorenesduarte/lsim \
  DOCKERFILE=Dockerfiles/lsim bin/image.sh
```
